Program Name: GPACalc.cpp

Purpose: 
This program serves as a GPA calculator that calculates the GPA based on the credits and Letter Grade the user inputs.

Inputs: 
   -Credits
   -Letter Grade
   -Whether they want to continue(Yes or No)

Output: The main ouput for this program is the GPA based on the calculations.

Variables:
 int entered_credits - Stores the amount of credits the user inputs.
 int total_credits - Stores the total sum of all credits inputted by the user.
 int amount_of_classes_taken - Keeps track of how many classes and grades the user has inputted
 string Letter_Grade - The Letter Grade the user inputted
 float total_credit_points - Value used in the calculation of the GPA. Determined by the Letter Grade inputted by user.
 int grade_point_average_rounded - stores the rounded GPA after the initial calculations
 float grade_point_average - Stores the final GPA that will be displayed to the user. Determined by a series of calculations
 Array Grades - Holds a list of all acceptable Letter Grades
 int switch_condition - A value that helps match the Letter Grade to its appropriate Credit Points.
 string user_decision - Decides whether to continue the program or to exit it.

Key Design Choices:
 -I used an array and a switch statement rather than a bunch of if elses because I find that to be more efficient 
 and makes it easier to add new grades as well
 -I used 4 while loops mostly as input verification
 - i used a for loop to help match the letter grade to a value which was then used to assign a specific case in the switch statement.
 This allowed me to find a way to convert a string to a float value that can be used in the calculation of the GPA.
Program Steps:
 -First, it gives the general idea of the program and simple instructions.
 -Then, it asks for the amount of credits for the class, which is stored in a variable after being input verified.
 -After, it asks for a Letter Grade, once the user inputs a grade, it checks the array to see if the input matches one of the possible grades in the array.
 If it does, then a value is assigned to a variable which used in a switch statement. If the input doesn't match, it will ask the user to try again.
 -It increases the amount of classes by 1.
 -After, it goes to a switch statement where the amount of credits is multiplied by a value based on the Letter Grade the user input.
 This result is then stored in a variable that holds that result and all previous results.
 -Then, it does all the necessary calculations and rounds it to the nearest hundreth.
 -It displays the final GPA and asks the user if they want to enter another class. If they say Yes, then the loop will begin all over.
 If they say no, then the loop would break, ending the program with a farewell message. 
 Functions:
 main(): Holds the enitre GPA calculator program.

 Sample Input/Output:
 
 Input:
 Credits = 3
 Grade = A
 No

 Output:
 GPA = 4.0
 Would you like to add another class?
 Goodbye.


Test Cases:
2 classes:
-1st class: 3 credits with an F
GPA = 0
-2nd class with 6 credits and an A
GPA = 2.67

1 class:
3 credits with an FIN
GPA = 0;